(LOOΠΔ Studio 1/3 Hertz opens with 'Fairy Tale')
(HyunJin covering Choerry's self introduction)
HyunJin: Shining eyes, a twinkling face, and a hourglass figure
HyunJin: That's me, Choerry!
(And HeeJin covering BTS' choreography)
HeeJin: (To HyunJin) Betrayer!
HyunJin: I did it for your own good~
(Only a few people would know about it!)
(And HaSeul talking about when she met YeoJin who was her trainee collegue for the first time)
HaSeul: I whispered to my mom like..
HaSeul: 'I guess she's the sixth grade~'
HaSeul: 'in elementary school~'
HaSeul: It's almost like YeoJin Radio without YeoJin~
(You know, YeoJin is in charge of the slash of LOOΠΔ 1/3!)
(They showed a different side of them through 'Bang Bang Bang' performance)
(And the encore song 'Rain 51db')
(They even sang 'Love&Live' as the second encore song!)
(Thanks to 2 hours long show, LOOΠΔ 1/3 made great memories with fans)